Now with that, that's it for this module.
We again practiced using Redux and more importantly,
we learned about a very important concept,
we learned about Redux and side-effects
and asynchronous code.
We learned that there are different places
where we can put this asynchronous code
or where we can put such side-effects,
our components or action creators and we saw both in action.
We also saw how not to do it
when we added all the data transformation code
in the component which led to a very fat component
and whilst that was working,
it simply was not the idea behind using Redux.
There, you should prefer reducers for data transformations
and only put side-effects or async code
into your components or action creators.
So that's what we did thereafter.
And we then also moved from component to action creator
to learn about that concept as well
which allows us to keep our components lean
and focused on a couple of core tasks
instead of doing all the heavy lifting.
Then at the end, we also had a look at the Redux DevTools
and now the important piece of software
which allows us to fully understand
our Redux store and state, and what's going on,
where we can time travel
and where we can gain deep insights into Redux.
And therefore, now after this module,
you learned a lot about Redux, a lot of advanced concepts
and you are ready to use Redux
in any kind of application you might be building
with any kind of logic you might have in this application
including side-effects, HTTP requests
or any other kind of async code.